well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about why
a certain demographic
didn't go the way everybody expected
them to go
there's a stereotype that exists when
you're talking about active duty
everybody expected them to vote
heavily in favor of trump that
apparently didn't play out that way
my favorite quote something that was a
in a statement
although i cannot provide specific
numbers or names i can estimate that at
least 80 percent
of the military ballots i saw were
straight ticket democrat
or simply had joe biden's name filled in
on them
i had always been told that military
personnel
tended to be more conservative so this
stuck out to me as the day went on this
was somebody who
believed that there there might be
some trickery going on okay
the military is incredibly diverse
it is an incredibly diverse organization
and something that happens with the
military is something that happens with
a lot of demographics
those who proclaim themselves to be part
of that demographic the loudest
often get taken to represent the entire
demographic
that's not true this idea
of the ultra-conservative
socially regressive military that's not
true
it's not even historically accurate
the military was desegregated before the
country was
you could join the military and be gay
before you could get married
there's a whole bunch of things where
the military was on the cutting edge of
social progress
aside from that the military is
incredibly diverse
there might be a whole bunch of people
who are serving
who really took issue
with trump defending the current names
of some of the military installations
there might be some who took issue with
the way
he marginalized certain groups
there might be a whole bunch of puerto
rican soldiers
who are really unhappy with the
hurricane response
there could be medical people a lot of
them
who take issue with trump's handling or
mishandling
of the current public health issue
they're one that surprised me to be
honest
guys in the infantry who
know how important personal protective
gear is
they've got to wear it if they don't
wear it they get in trouble
to watch the commander in chief downplay
and make fun of personal protective gear
that could save somebody
apparently bothered a couple people
didn't see that one coming to be honest
there were those who took issue with the
idea
of him refusing to agree to a peaceful
transition of power
and there were quite a few who had
issue with him bad mouthing various
respected generals
those were the reasons i got and then
there was one more
saved it to the end because it's the
only thing that
everybody that i talked to said now
granted i only talked to like a dozen
people not exactly scientific
but they all mentioned this
that
a soldier retiring today spent 20 years
in
17 of them were spent fighting alongside
people wearing these
and trump sold them out left them
twisting in the wind
that bothered people a lot
and understandably the
kurds are were
our greatest ally in the middle east and
trump sold them out
that was the only thing that every
single
person i talked to mentioned all of
these other ones yeah they mentioned
them
but it wasn't unanimous so
it may turn out something that i believe
may end up being the
biggest foreign policy mistake in u.s
history
is also what helped him lose the
election
which is fitting um but one thing we
should take away from this
is that no demographic should be judged
by the most visible members of that
demographic because oftentimes they
don't reflect the whole
and that is definitely what happened
here now to the democrats cheering that
you now have the military vote
no no
you probably don't overall the military
is still pretty conservative
they will probably vote republican in
the next election
you got them this time because they know
how bad trump is
i wouldn't count on a repeat of that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day